Edgardo Krause
Offensive Security Researcher & Developer
Calle 200  #12-528
Living in Bucaramanga, Colombia
(+57)3016245204
edgardo.krause@gmail.com
Nationality: Argentina
EXPERIENCE


QUBIKA, Montevideo, UY — Lead Security Engineer
Aug 2025 - Present

Promoted to Lead Security Engineer to oversee the strategic direction and 
execution of security initiatives across the organization. 

I lead a multidisciplinary team of security engineers, guiding them through complex penetration testing engagements for web, mobile, network, and cloud (AWS) environments. 

I collaborate closely with engineering and product teams to integrate security best practices throughout the development lifecycle, ensuring secure-by-design principles. 


QUBIKA, Montevideo, UY — Security Engineer
Oct 2022 - Aug 2025
As a web, mobile, and network penetration tester, my role is to ensure that our organization's and clients' IT infrastructure is as secure as possible against potential threats. I am responsible for identifying security vulnerabilities in our web applications, mobile applications, network infrastructure, and cloud (mostly AWS)
I am constantly working to stay up-to-date with the latest security threats and trends and to continually improve my skills and knowledge.
PWC, Buenos Aires, AR — Offensive Security - Senior Associate 2 
Aug 2021 - Aug 2022
In this role, I performed as a Cybersecurity advisor, threat management advisor, and pentester in the PwC Cyber Penetration Testing Team (CPT2). In this team, I collaborate with Argentina and the USA team members to deliver services in the USA to top-notch companies.
EY GDS, Buenos Aires, AR— Supervising associate - Application & Network Security  - Security Compliance
Nov 2019 - Aug 2021
Aug 2022 - Oct 2022

EY global internal security.


I started leading the Endpoint security monitoring in the compliance area of EY Internal Security.
Initially, working for the security of endpoint assets in the company.

Later, as a Pentester, I researched new vulnerabilities and ways to detect them in all company assets.
Internet Facing Critical Vulnerabilities, Cloud Security, Threat Hunting, and Purple Team.
Web Application Penetration tests, etc.
There are many more on my Linkedin 

CEDSA, Secure programming and cloud computing Instructor
Nov 2021 - Nov 2022
As an instructor, the role involved delivering knowledge and technological solutions focused on secure programming from both the cybersecurity (Blue Team) and the offensive security perspective (Red Team). This included incorporating the latest advancements and emerging technologies in Cloud Computing models. The instruction emphasized secure coding practices, along with techniques used in offensive security (such as penetration testing), to equip learners with the skills needed to defend against and simulate attacks in evolving cloud environments.
EDUCATION
UNSTA, AR— Diploma,  Application Secure Development
Aug 2022- Dec 2022
Bureau Veritas Group, AR — ISO 27001 - Internal auditor
Aug 2021
SANS Technology Institute — SEC511 - GMON
Jul 2020 - Dec 2020
UNSTA, AR— Diploma, Cybersecurity and Cybercrime Intelligence Strategy
Aug 2020 - Dec 2020

CERTIFICATIONS

Hacktricks - Certified AWS Red Team Expert (ARTA-ARTE)
July 2025.


eLearnSecurity — Certified Professional Penetration Tester (eCPPT) 
March 2024

eLearnSecurity — Web Penetration Tester (eWPT) 
Aug 2022 - Dec 2022

GIAC — Continuous Monitoring Certification (GMON)
Nov 2020

CERTIFICATIONS IN PROGRESS



More certifications here: https://www.credly.com/users/edgardo-krause/badges
SKILLS
Secure code development
Security Code Review
Web, Mobile, IoT, Cloud Penetration Testing
Network Penetration Testing
Team Player
Problem-solving
Lifelong Learner
AWARDS
Bug Bounty  or VDP Programs:

CERN - European Council for Nuclear Research
 U.S. Department of State 
 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)  
HackerOne (Many international companies and governments) 
LANGUAGES
Spanish, Native.
English, C1.

   C1 English Level by EF


